In today's video we will compare ICICI LBRD Elevat
and Aitya Birla Activ 1.
Both are very good plans.   It
is a reasonable plan.  Premium wise it is also very
good and service wise it is also very good.
And there are many unique features too.
Today we will do a
detailed comparison of all these unique features, premium and their claim service.  And you will be
able to take an informed decision as to which of the two
plans is more suitable for you.
Hello friends, I am Ashutosh, your
personal finance coach.  Let's
start the video.  ICICI LBRD's flagship
product is Elevate and similarly Aditya
Birla's Activ 1 Max is also a flagship
product.  Online it
is available with a next variant.  But there
is no difference between the two.  Active One Max
is the offline variant.  Next is an online
variant that offers 1X extra coverage
from day one.  Talking about the minimum and
maximum entry age, the minimum is
18 years and there is no maximum entry age.
And 90 days for dependent child.
We can take the plan at any age.
These plans can be very good for senior citizens.
Especially those who have many
lifestyle diseases.  Talking about the sum assured
option, Elevate has
sum assured options ranging from Rs 5 lakh to Rs 3 crore.  And on
top of that there is also an option of unlimited sum assured.  This
means that there will be no sum assured limit in this variant.
Activ Max has
sum assured options of Rs 5 lakh to Rs 2 crore.
Room Category ICIC LBA
is Single Private AC Room in Levate.  But Room Modifier is an
add on you can enhance the category with.  You
can take any category of room.  There are
no room categories in the Active One Max.  Ayurvedic treatment AYUSH
treatment which are alternative treatments.
Ayurvedic, Unani, Siddha, Homeopathy are
covered up to sum assured in both the plans.  Pre and post hospitalization are
covered for 90 days and 180 days in both the plans.  Day Care Treatments
All day care treatments are covered in both the plans.
Day care treatments are treatments
that do
not require 24-hour hospitalization.   The
procedure is completed in just a few hours of treatment.  Because of
technological advancement.
Organ donor cover is covered up to sum assured in both the plans.
Domestic
hospitalization up to sum assured
is covered.  In both the plans, domestic
hospitalization is the hospitalization
that we take at home
in a specific condition when
beds are not available in the nearby hospital or the patient
cannot be taken to the hospital.  Home care
treatment nursing at home is available
at Elevate.  Whereas in Active One Max up
to sum assured is covered.  Road Ambulance
is covered up to sum assured in both the plans.  Air Ambulance up to sum assured
is covered as add on in Elevate but
not available in Active One.  Free health checkup as
add-on available.  Elevate
is inbuilt available in Active One Max.  Modern
treatment up to some assured is covered
without any capping.  Second medical opinion is
not available in Elvet.
Available in Active Max.  E-consultation as add-on
is available.
Active Max is a part of health management service.  Maternity
cover after 2 years is available as an add-on
in ICICI Elvet wherein we can extend
this waiting period to one year with a rider.
In which we will get coverage of 10% of sum assured
maximum up to Rs 1 lakh.
Not available in Active One Max.
Newborn baby cover is a part of maternity.
Worldwide cover
is available as an add-on.  The Elevate does
n't have the Active One Max.  The plan variant
is the same.  Elevate.  Whereas in Active One
we get one Max, one Next and
one Vital.  Max and Next are
exactly the same.  Next is the online variant
and Max is the offline variant.  Vital is a
variant of Active One that
covers more chronic conditions and critical
illnesses, as Active One Max
covers a wide range of critical illnesses.  So if the
illness is in its initial stage then
Max is given and if it is in a more chronic
condition then Vital is given.
Waiting Periods Elevate: Both
plans will have an initial waiting period of 30 days
, a specific waiting period of two years for slow-growing diseases
and a waiting period of
three years for pre-existing conditions.
Mostant
which is a unique benefit.  The
most important benefit of ICICI Elevate is the 100%
Cumulative Bonus Power Booster, which
gives you a 100% bonus for life as long as you keep
renewing.  The next
unique benefit is Infinite Care,
which
gives you the option to use any amount in a single claim once in a lifetime.
Even if your
policy is worth Rs 10 lakh or 20 lakh, there is a bonus of Rs 10 lakh or 20 lakh
and the claim is for Rs 1 crore,
you can still exercise it through this option.
Apart from that, Unlimited Restoration and
Jump Start, which is for hypertension, diabetes,
asthma, hyperlipidemia, obesity, coronary
artery disease, that is, even if you have had a stent inserted a year ago,
you can still avail this plan without any waiting period.
Talking about the unique benefits of Active One Max,
HIV mental illness is a standard
exclusion in health insurance.
But the Active One Max covers it.  Apart
from that, there is Super Reload in which you
get unlimited times restoration.  Super Credit
in which you get a bonus of 100% up to
500%, meaning your policy of Rs 10 lakh
goes up to Rs 50 lakh.  There is an option for reduction in the pre-existing disease waiting
period.
In which you can reduce the PD waiting period from 3 years to 2
years and even one year.
Apart from this, the specific waiting period
for slow growing diseases can also be
reduced from 2 years to 1 year.
Next is Chronic Care which covers you without waiting period for diabetes,
hypertension, asthma, hyperlipidemia,
COPD, obesity, coronary artery disease, that is, if
stenting for these diseases has been done
before one year.
Apart from that, there is claim
protect which covers non-payable items.  Let's
talk about the optional benefits of these plans.  So ICICI Elevate
introduced the first Infinite which
gives you an unlimited amount in one claim.  Inflation
protector that covers non-payable items.
Power Booster that gives 100% bonus.
Domestic air ambulance jump
start that covers lifestyle diseases without
PD waiting period.
Dependent Accommodation
which provides accommodation for dependents in hospitalization outside the city.
Claim protector that
covers non-payable items.  Room
Modifier Room Modifier in which you can upgrade or downgrade your room
rent category Single Privacy Room.
Compassionate Visit Outside City
If there is a hospitalization somewhere, prolonged
to immediate family members
get to communicate and commute.
Nursing at Home, Maternity Benefit, Newborn
Benefit, both are parts of the same scheme.
End Vaccination Durable Medical
Equipment If there
is a requirement of other equipment along with hospitalization
such as wheelchair pacemaker these types are
covered under this rider.  The Covalescence
benefit provides cash benefits for prolonged hospitalization.
Health Checkup B Fit This
is an OPD rider.  Network Advantage.  This
option gives you some discount on the policy.
But if you take this option then
you will have to pay less premium.  But there is a
list of preferred networks.
Hospitalization will have to be taken there itself.  If you
go outside that list, you will have to pay a co-payment.
Personal accident cover,
critical illness cover, teleconsultation option
to reduce maternity waiting period,
voluntary copayment and NRI discount.
Up to 25% discount is available for NRIs.
Talking about Active Max riders, they can avail reduction in specific waiting
period which is a compulsory specific waiting period of 2 years.
Reduction in PD waiting period: The
standard 3 year waiting period can be
reduced to 2 years and 1 year.
Room rent option: Single private AC
room can also be availed.  You can also take shares.
Meaning there is no room category with the policy.
But you
can get a discount by downgrading a little.  PPN Discount:
This is similar to Network Advantage
in which you will get some discount
on the policy.  But
you can get treatment only on the list of preferred networks.  If you
go outside that list, you will have to
pay.  Apart from that, there is personal
accident cover and chronic care which
covers pre-existing conditions from day one.
Chronic Management Program or an
OPD cover.  Cancer Booster which
gives you additional sum assured in case of cancer.
Durable Medical Equipment Compassionate
Visits Second Medical Opinion Annual
Screening Packages that are inbuilt in your
Health Pack Health Checkup.  Apart from that, we also provide additional
diagnostics
for cancer patients.  Talking about premium,
ICICI Elevate has four zones
and Active One Max has three zones.
For premium, I
took the example of a 35 year old with two kids for Rs
10 lakh sum assured in Delhi NCR.   The
premium of ICICI Elevate with Power Booster & Claim Shield is ₹20296 in which
you can also get civil discount up
to 15%.  The premium of Aditya Birla Active One Max is
around Rs 19,000.
You can take a multi-year policy for up to 5 years with ICICI Elevate.
In Active One Max, you can take a policy for a maximum of 3 years.
The more years you
take the policy for, the more discount you will get.
Talking about the claim experience of both the plans, the
incurred claim ratio means
how much premium the company collected from you
and how much claim was given against it.  So the
incurred claim ratio is 82% in ICICI Elevate and
71% in Activ One Max. The
claim settlement ratio is slightly lower
in ICICI, 80% in ICICI and 94% in Activ One Max. The
complaint ratio per 10,000 claims is
14 in ICICI and 16 in Activ Max.
Meaning it is quite reasonable in both.
Premium wise, both are fair valued.  If
we look at all in all,
both these plans are quite good even in premium terms.  They are budget
friendly and claim settlement wise are also
quite good.  Their incurred claim ratio is
also quite good for both the plans.  Even
Aditya Birla has made a good improvement.
And ICICI Elevate is already
consistent.  His ICR always
remains between 75 to 80.  So you
can select any of the two plans
according to your requirement.
As important as it is to
get the right health insurance, it is equally important to
get it from the right source because
after sales service plays a very
important role in health insurance.  Try to
get health insurance from a good place that can
provide you proper service.  If you
want to take health insurance
or want to discuss it with me then you
can connect on the number given below.  Where I personally
review your policy.
We also have a dedicated team that
helps you at the time of claim.  So if you liked the video then
please like it.  Subscribe to the channel.  That's all for
today's video, see you
in the next video.